Journals
[J1].	Avro, Sakib S, Md Fashiar Rahman*, and Tzu-Liang (Bill) Tseng. “Prediction of the Quality of 3D Printed Parts based on Thermal Behavior in Fused Filament Fabrication Process.” (Under Preparation)
[J2].	Molla, Selim, Md Fashiar Rahman*, and Tzu-Liang (Bill) Tseng. “Process-Centric Simulation to Optimize the Manufacturing Process Considering Multi-Class Parts Complexity.” (Under Preparation)
[J3].	Zamorano, Dana, S.M. Atikur Rahman, Tzu-Liang (Bill) Tseng, and Md Fashiar Rahman*. “Multi-Model Simulation for Supply Chain Operations Considering the Impact of Microlevel Delivery Tasks Sequence.” (Under Preparation)
[J4].	Quddus, Md Abdul*, Md Fashiar Rahman, and Mahathir Mohammad Bappy. “Hybrid Drone and Truck Delivery Optimization in Remote Areas Using Geospatial Analytics.” Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review (Submitted)
[J5].	Rahman, S.M. Atikur, Md Fashiar Rahman*, Tzu-Liang (Bill) Tseng, Tamanna Kamal and Md Abdul Quddus. “Prediction of Patient Length of Stay for Resource Planning in Healthcare: A Novel Approach Using Computer Simulation and Machine Learning.” Journal of Healthcare, (Submitted)
[J6].	Emon, Solayman Hossain, Tzu-Liang Bill Tseng, Michael Pokojovy, Scott Moen, Peter McCaffrey, Eric Walser, Alexander Vo, and Md Fashiar Rahman*. "Uncertainty-Guided Semi-Supervised (UGSS) mean teacher framework for brain hemorrhage segmentation and volume quantification." Biomedical Signal Processing and Control 102 (2025): 107386. (Link)
[J7].	Rahman, Md Fashiar, Tzu-Liang Tseng*, Michael Pokojovy, Peter McCaffrey, Eric Walser, Scott Moen, Alex Vo, and Johnny C. Ho. "Machine-Learning-Enabled Diagnostics with Improved Visualization of Disease Lesions in Chest X-ray Images." Diagnostics 14, no. 16 (2024): 1699. (Link)
[J8].	Rahman, Md Habibur, Md Fashiar Rahman*, and Tzu-Liang Tseng. "Estimation of fuel consumption and selection of the most carbon-efficient route for cold-chain logistics." International Journal of Systems Science: Operations & Logistics 10, no. 1 (2023): 2075043. (Link)
[J9].	Afrin, Humayra, Stephanie Vargas Esquivel, Raj Kumar, Md Ikhtiar Zahid, Beu Oporeza, Md Fashiar Rahman, Thomas Boland, and Md Nurunnabi. "β-Glucan-Mediated Oral Codelivery of 5FU and Bcl2 siRNA Attenuates Stomach Cancer." ACS applied materials & interfaces 15, no. 27 (2023): 32188-32200. (Link)
[J10].	Wen, Yuxin, Md Fashiar Rahman, Honglun Xu, and Tzu-Liang Bill Tseng*. "Recent advances and trends of predictive maintenance from data-driven machine prognostics perspective." Measurement 187 (2022): 110276. (Link)
[J11].	Rahman, Md Fashiar, Yan Zhuang, Tzu-Liang Bill Tseng*, Michael Pokojovy, Peter McCaffrey, Eric Walser, Scott Moen, and Alex Vo. "Improving lung region segmentation accuracy in chest X-ray images using a two-model deep learning ensemble approach." Journal of Visual Communication and Image Representation 85 (2022): 103521. (Link)
[J12].	Wen, Yuxin, Md Fashiar Rahman, Yan Zhuang, Michael Pokojovy, Honglun Xu, Peter McCaffrey, Alexander Vo, Eric Walser, Scott Moen, and Tzu-Liang Bill Tseng*. "Time-to-event modeling for hospital length of stay prediction for COVID-19 patients." Machine learning with applications 9 (2022): 100365. (Link)
[J13].	Zhuang, Yan, Md Fashiar Rahman, Yuxin Wen, Michael Pokojovy, Peter McCaffrey, Alexander Vo, Eric Walser, Scott Moen, Honglun Xu, and Tzu-Liang Bill Tseng*. "An interpretable multi-task system for clinically applicable COVID-19 diagnosis using CXR." Journal of X-Ray Science and Technology 30, no. 5 (2022): 847-862. (Link)
[J14].	Rahman, Md Fashiar, Tzu-Liang Bill Tseng*, Jianguo Wu, Yuxin Wen, and Yirong Lin. "A deep learning-based approach to extraction of filler morphology in SEM images with the application of automated quality inspection." AI EDAM 36 (2022): e15. (Link)
[J15].	Rahman, Md Fashiar, Jianguo Wu*, and Tzu Liang Bill Tseng. "Automatic morphological extraction of fibers from SEM images for quality control of short fiber-reinforced composites manufacturing." CIRP Journal of Manufacturing Science and Technology 33 (2021): 176-187. (Link)
